DOCSUP-5920: Documented PostgreSQL engines, function and dictionary (#21268)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: docs/en/engines/database-engines/postgresql.md

ENGINE = PostgreSQL('postgres1:5432', 'test_database', 'postgres', 'mysecretpassword', 1);
```

``` sql
SHOW DATABASES;
```

``` text
┌─name──────────┐
│ default       │
│ test_database │
│ system        │
└───────────────┘
```

``` sql
SHOW TABLES FROM test_database;
```

``` text
┌─name───────┐
│ test_table │
└────────────┘
```

Reading data from the PostgreSQL table:

``` sql
SELECT * FROM test_database.test_table;
```

``` text
┌─id─┬─value─┐
│  1 │     2 │
└────┴───────┘
```

Writing data to the PostgreSQL table:

``` sql
INSERT INTO test_database.test_table VALUES (3,4);
SELECT * FROM test_database.test_table;
```

``` text
┌─int_id─┬─value─┐
│      1 │     2 │
│      3 │     4 │
└────────┴───────┘
```

Consider the table structure was modified in PostgreSQL: 

``` sql
postgre> ALTER TABLE test_table ADD COLUMN data Text
```

As the `use_table_cache` parameter was set to `1` when the database was created, the table structure in ClickHouse was cached and therefore not modified:

``` sql
DESCRIBE TABLE test_database.test_table;
```
``` text
┌─name───┬─type──────────────┐
│ id     │ Nullable(Integer) │
│ value  │ Nullable(Integer) │
└────────┴───────────────────┘
```

> After detaching the table and attaching it again, the structure was updated:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After detaching the table and attaching it again, the structure will be updated:
```
